elder brother
It is good for your body to take one tablet a day.
As long as you are not feeling well
Or breathing difficulties
Just take 3
You can't take medicine indiscriminately, you know?
If you don't prescribe the right medicine, it may be more serious
Uncle, please call me Daming.
Only those closest to me can call me Xiao Ming
Is that right?
Who hugged my thigh and called me daddy two days ago
I'm a kid
It's normal to do something weird wrong.
Well, when your mother comes
I have to talk to him
Let him discipline you
Stop doing weird things
Mr. Lin, what are you saying?
Please don't tell my mommy
Otherwise he will definitely smash my ass
Mom?
When I got lost in the dormitory two days ago
I'm in a hurry.
Are you worried about her?
But have you ever thought about running out on your own?
Your mom doesn't know where you're going.
How worried should I be?
Dad will worry about me
Is this what it feels like to have a dad?
Xiao Rui misses me
Does the left eagle's hand have any magic power?